in life you're either the hunter
or the content
against the armies of the demon Inuvik
many have fought and all have fallen yet
there are still two mercenaries who will
stand together and fight
Caddick a master of heavy weaponry
capable of unleashing of crushing melee
attacks
olara an expert of ranged combat able to
deliver a death blow from
they are each formidable warriors
together they are capable of
unimaginable carnage you know I'd rather
enjoyed that but to survive against the
halt of war gar forces they will need to
work together with weapons and match
- freeze electrified
even the most vile of enemies against a
new Vernon
no man alone can endure but together
there is steady
Lorien gets you nothing but wrinkles old
man oh man you're twice my age elf that
offers mature hmm ten times prettier